# references-hydroponics-smart-sensing
References for the paper: Advances in IoT and AI for Monitoring Hydroponic Nutrients: A brief Review
[1] S. Van Delden, M. SharathKumar, M. Butturini, L. Graamans, E. Heuvelink, M. Kacira, E. Kaiser, R. Klamer, L. Klerkx, G. Kootstra et al., “Current status and future challenges in implementing and upscaling vertical farming systems,” Nature Food, vol. 2, no. 12, pp. 944–956, 2021.
[2] A. Richa, M. Fizir, and S. Touil, “Advanced monitoring of hydroponic solutions using ion-selective electrodes and the internet of things: a review,” Environmental Chemistry Letters, vol. 19, no. 4, pp. 3445– 3463, 2021.
[3] D.-H. Jung, H.-J. Kim, H. S. Kim, J. Choi, J. D. Kim, and S. H. Park, “Fusion of spectroscopy and cobalt electrochemistry data for estimating phosphate concentration in hydroponic solution,” Sensors, vol. 19, no. 11, p. 2596, 2019.
[4] B. Ban, D. Ryu, and M. Lee, “Machine learning approach to remove ion interference effect in agricultural nutrient solutions,” in 2019 Inter- national Conference on Information and Communication Technology Convergence (ICTC). IEEE, 2019, pp. 1156–1161.
[5] V. N. Tuan, T. D. Dinh, W. Zhang, A. M. Khattak, A. T. Le, I. A. Saeed, W. Gao, and M. Wang, “A smart diagnostic tool based on deep kernel learning for on-site determination of phosphate, calcium, and magnesium concentration in a hydroponic system,” RSC advances, vol. 11, no. 19, pp. 11 177–11 191, 2021.
[6] G.Vardar,M.Altıkatog ̆lu,D.Ortac ̧,M.Cemek,and ̇I.Is ̧ıldak,“Mea- suring calcium, potassium, and nitrate in plant nutrient solutions using ion-selective electrodes in hydroponic greenhouse of some vegetables,” Biotechnology and applied biochemistry, vol. 62, no. 5, pp. 663–668, 2015.
[7] W.-J. Cho, H.-J. Kim, D.-H. Jung, H.-J. Han, and Y.-Y. Cho, “Hybrid signal-processing method based on neural network for prediction of no3, k, ca, and mg ions in hydroponic solutions using an array of ion-selective electrodes,” Sensors, vol. 19, no. 24, p. 5508, 2019.
[8] B. Ban, M. Lee, and D. Ryu, “Ode network model for nonlinear and complex agricultural nutrient solution system,” in 2019 International Conference on Information and Communication Technology Conver- gence (ICTC). IEEE, 2019, pp. 996–1001.
[9] T. Klotzbuecher, M. Komorek, J. Magomajew, and R. Gransee, “A microfluidic-chip-based system for the determination of nutrient ion concentrations in hydroponic solutions by means of ion-selective electrodes (ises),” in MikroSystemTechnik Kongress 2023; Kongress. VDE, 2023, pp. 723–728.
[10] V. N. Tuan, A. M. Khattak, H. Zhu, W. Gao, and M. Wang, “Combination of multivariate standard addition technique and deep kernel learning model for determining multi-ion in hydroponic nutrient solution,” Sensors, vol. 20, no. 18, p. 5314, 2020.
[11] Y.-M. Wu, S.-Y. Liu, B.-Y. Shi, J.-Y. Peng, Z.-W. Kao, Y.-Y. Chen, T.-Y. Hsieh, H.-Y. Chung, C.-Y. Lin, W. Fang et al., “Iot-interfaced solid-contact ion-selective electrodes for cyber-monitoring of element- specific nutrient information in hydroponics,” Computers and Electron- ics in Agriculture, vol. 214, p. 108266, 2023.
[12] J. Zhai, B. Luo, T. Liu, H. Dong, X. Jin, X. Wang, and C. Zhao, “Development of a hydroponic device using potassium ion-selective electrode and neural network technology,” Microchemical Journal, vol. 207, p. 112017, 2024.
[13] H.-J. Kim, W.-K. Kim, M.-Y. Roh, C.-I. Kang, J.-M. Park, and K. A. Sudduth, “Automated sensing of hydroponic macronutrients using a computer-controlled system with an array of ion-selective electrodes,” Computers and electronics in agriculture, vol. 93, pp. 46–54, 2013.
[14] V. N. Tuan, T. D. Dinh, A. M. Khattak, L. Zheng, X. Chu, W. Gao, and M. Wang, “Multivariate standard addition cobalt electrochemistry data fusion for determining phosphate concentration in hydroponic solution,” IEEE Access, vol. 8, pp. 28 289–28 300, 2020.
[15] F. Silva, C. Queiro ́s, M. Pereira, T. Pinho, T. Barroso, S. Magalha ̃es, J. Boaventura, F. Santos, M. Cunha, and R. Martins, “Precision fertilization: A critical review analysis on sensing technologies for nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium quantification,” Computers and Electronics in Agriculture, vol. 224, p. 109220, 2024.
